	Elisabeth descended the stairs to the underground. Mysterious groans echoed throughout the corridor, evoking the sense of a labyrinth containing a monster. In fact, it wouldn’t be surprising if there really was a monster down here.

	She continued at an even pace, finally reaching a door at the end of a hall and kicking it open. Kaito stood beside Elisabeth as he glanced inside.

	The room had no furniture or windows, and a massive magic circle was painted on the floor.

	As he looked closely, he realized how intricate the design was. The air was thick with the rusting-iron scent of shed uterine lining. He then realized that the magic circle was painted in blood.

	“A teleportation circle, etched in my own blood. It takes me wherever I please, as long as I can remember being there.”

	“Not a huge fan of the medium, but that does seem pretty convenient. We didn’t have these back where I come from.”

	“Ah yes, you come from a world of machines. You would do well not to make light of magic. As my servant, even you could use your blood to summon something to your side.”

	“What, you want me to shed this much blood?”

	“You should try it sometime.”

	“I humbly decline.”

	Kaito nervously stood next to Elisabeth atop the magic circle. She clicked her heels.

	With a sound like a flare, crimson flower petals began dancing along the outer circumference of the circle. As they spun, so did their surroundings. The motes of red then melted together, eventually forming thick cylindrical walls. The smell of iron assailed Kaito’s nostrils once more. In an instant, the flower petals had transformed into blood. Elisabeth clicked her heels a second time and the walls of blood collapsed to the ground like stage curtains. The scenery the walls had been concealing came into view.

	They stood over the remains of a battlefield.

	That was the only way Kaito could describe the scene before him. 

	There was fire stretching as far as the eye could see, and countless corpses dotted the ground among the burning buildings. The only thing Kaito could think to compare it to was a photograph of a battlefield in a far-off country he’d seen long ago. Two hours had passed between the creation of the first beast and Kaito and Elisabeth’s arrival, but the flames showed no signs of abating.

	As he glanced over the burning corpses, Kaito could feel sweat trickling down his forehead while the stench of charred flesh filled his nostrils and the heat radiated across his skin.

	There was a man whose top half was fully carbonized. An old woman with not only her head but her entire spine ripped out. A woman with her breasts cut off. A young boy whose face had been torn clean off. A half-dead child with their arms severed who had likely been trying to crawl away.

	None of them retained so much as a shred of human dignity. All their deaths were gruesome. Unlike the beast, their corpses were comprehendible. That was precisely why the spectacle was so horrific, why the cruelty of it sank into one’s brain. The urge to retch welled up in Kaito’s throat before he finally managed to swallow it down.

	There was no mistaking it. This was Hell.

	This was a place filled with the worst things one could imagine.