	The Knight let out a furious roar. His pale horse broke into a sprint at a speed much faster than even that of his skinless underling. Fire and lightning billowed forth from around the Knight. He grabbed the blue lightning in his hand and transformed it into a massive lance, then he charged at Elisabeth.

	She didn’t dodge the blow, and the lance ran her through.

	Kaito stifled a scream. The massive weapon gave off a thrumming noise as it speared through Elisabeth’s chest. Red blood began dripping from the wound it made. The Knight then jerked the lance free and sent Elisabeth tumbling to the ground.

	A memory flashed through Kaito’s mind.

	It was a recollection of himself, battered and thrown against the wall, then collapsing to the floor like garbage.

	“Elisabe—”

	Kaito ran toward her, then stopped. She was laughing. She twisted her stomach as she sat in a pool of her own blood and laughed, as if it was all so funny that she just couldn’t help herself.

	“Heh-heh, ha-ha, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, ahhh—ha-ha-ha-haha…ha.”

	She grimaced in pain and rose to her feet. Kaito could see clear through the cavity in her chest. Some of her entrails sagged from the hole, but she simply wrapped the loose ends around her arm and wrenched them all the way out. Bleeding profusely now, she cast her guts aside.

	“I see… So damage of this magnitude is about as mild as an itch. A far cry from having one’s soul set ablaze. Now then, pay close attention. This is what true agony feels like.”

	Elisabeth lifted a hand in the air. A great cloud of darkness and scarlet flower petals spiraled around it. They then mantled her body, masking the hole with fresh black cloth. She grabbed something from within the huge spiral of crimson and shadow.

	“Rejoice, half-wit. I draw this blade for thee.”

	She drew out a long sword. Its blade was bloodred, and it flickered with a sinister glint.
	
	“Executioner’s Sword of Frankenthal!”

	She spoke its name, and the runes etched onto the sword sparked to life. As the light reached Kaito’s eyes, he could feel the meanings of the runes forcing their way into his brain until the complete phrase made perfect sense.

	You are free to act as you will. But pray that God shall be your salvation. For the beginning, the middle, and the end all lie in the palm of His hand.

	“Come, let us enjoy ourselves to the fullest!”