	Elisabeth swung the sword through empty space, as if she was tracing both her foes’ arms. Silver chains flew through the air in tune with her slashes, wrapping around the Knight’s forearms and wrenching him from his mount. He hung in the air, helpless to resist. A moment later, he snapped his fingers, and the beast drew up from behind Elisabeth. Without turning, she swung her blade again.

	Chains wrapped around the beast, binding it firmly. There was a loud ripping noise as flesh was torn asunder. The shackles twined around its collapsing form and reinforced it as it took on the shape of a horse. They wrapped around the pale horse as well, acting as a pair of reins.

	Elisabeth raised her blade to the heavens, and the tips of the infinite chains rattled as they spiraled toward the Knight. Once they were finished, the Knight’s arms and legs were bound, and at the opposite ends of those tethers stood four horses, his own included. He called his steed, but the horse paid him no mind.

	“Now, then…let’s see how you like being Drawn and Quartered.”

	She swung her sword, and the horses set off in unison.

	The Knight’s limbs screeched, and his joints made popping noises as they were pulled out of place. His flesh, stretched to its limit, began to tear. Blood poured from the gaps in his armor. But the horses did not stop. The Knight cried out in pain and rage.

	“ELISABEEEEEEETH! ELISABEEEEEEETH!”

	His voice was brimming with agony and hatred.

	The Knight drew near Elisabeth. Kaito, too, approached her from behind, then he gasped. The eyes beneath the helmet were human once more. They were different from when they’d been focused on Kaito and were now the purest blue. They glared at Elisabeth.

	The Knight’s contractor was quite young.

	Looking down at the man’s noble eyes, Elisabeth murmured tenderly.

	“A survivor of the Plain of Skewers, hmm? It must have been painful. No doubt you detest me.”

	“ELISA… ELISABEEETH…”

	“…My apologies, good sir. But the cries of a demon are as unpleasant as the squeals of a swine.”

	There was venom in her smile. The Knight roared, a sound rich with malice and bloodlust.

	“ELISABEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETH!”

	The next moment, with the sound of meat being shredded, the Knight’s limbs were ripped from his torso. The appendages bounced along the ground as they traveled, still tied to the horses. The fissure ran all the way up his abdomen, and his organs came spilling out in a gentle cascade. Beneath the helmet, the Knight vomited mouthful after mouthful of blood before breathing his last. Then his body erupted into silent blue flames.

	“Let us return home. That purin of yours was delectable but made for poor sustenance. I’m famished.”

	Her sword transformed into a cloud of crimson petals, and Elisabeth walked off. Kaito couldn’t help but stare. He thought back to the scene he’d witnessed when he was first summoned. That and the Knight’s accusation. If he pried too deeply, he would invite nothing but pain. Still, he had to know.

	“Hey, is everything he said true? Did you torture and kill all your subjects, then turn on the nobles?”

	“Yes indeed. He spoke no falsehoods nor held any misunderstandings. Understand who it is you serve. I am the Torture Princess, Elisabeth Le Fanu. I have caused more pain and death than any before me. I was apprehended by the Church. And I am now tasked with slaughtering thirteen demons.”

	She answered without an ounce of hesitation. She was as ruthless and tactless as a demon, perhaps even more so. Recalling her feline smile from when she’d eaten the purin, Kaito almost felt betrayed. She was someone who hurt people, someone who took from others, and he made no effort to conceal the displeasure on his face. But Elisabeth followed her confession of guilt with something wholly unexpected.

	“And once I’ve executed them all, I, too, shall be put to the stake.”

	Her statement was resolute. Kaito’s eyes widened. Elisabeth stared straight back at him, her crimson eyes as clear as rubies. Her calm countenance gave no sign that she was lying.

	A line from earlier echoed in Kaito’s mind.

	Until the day of your death, try to do some good at least.

	So that’s it. Kaito remained silent, perplexed, unsure of how to react to this revelation. Elisabeth paid Kaito a “humph” as she stepped onto the center of the teleportation circle.

	“Once we return, do something about dinner. If you can prepare sweets of that caliber, surely you can craft a proper meal. And if you fail to make something decent, it’s the Ducking Stool for you.”

	Kaito followed her but stopped for a moment and looked back. The scene painted before him was an unmistakable hellscape. A scream rang out from far off, and the animal pen collapsed. The flames grew stronger yet. Thinking back on the Knight’s bizarre form, he muttered to himself.

	“…Twelve more of those, huh?”

	Kaito lined up next to Elisabeth. She clicked her heels.

	As the two of them vanished, the Knight’s lance burst into blue flame, crumbled to ash, and scattered on the wind.

end